README.md, before:

# Good links to know

- [Tailwind Color Palette](https://tailwindcss.com/docs/colors)\
- [OKLCH Color Converter](https://oklch.com/)
- [If css imports are not recognized...](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/api-reference/config/typescript#ide-plugin)
- [Github Pages](https://docs.github.com/en/pages)
- [Google Material Fonts/Icons](https://fonts.google.com/icons)

# Purpose

I made this page primarily to show off my resume and provide people with some informative stories about my career.

## /resume

Here you will find a robust version of my resume.

## /thanks

A general acknowledgment of the resources that I used to create my website. Specifically, the ones I like most.

## /stories (story_time)

Several stories and experiences from my career in coding. Lots of fun things in there.

## /settings

### dev vs business mode

The default mode when you load this site is "business." That's because I include a link to this site on my resume and in my applications to companies. I want recruiters, HR, to-be managers, and to-be co-workers to read a polished and directed set of experiences on the story_time page. In that vein I passed all of my stories through an AI to polish them up.

However, I enjoyed writing and reading the unpolished versions of those experiences. If you are interested in reading those versions flip the mode to dev and re-visit the story_time page. According to my mother, a lady of great renoun in poetry and writing, I have a flippant style that does not take things seriously or paint the experiences in a necessarily positive light.

# Publishing

I am using [Github Pages](https://docs.github.com/en/pages) to host my site. To host a React project on pages follow thes steps in [this tutorial](https://github.com/gitname/react-gh-pages).

Primary things to do...

- make sure the repo follows this naming convention: {username}.github.io
- install the gh-pages package
- make sure that the "gh-pages" branch exists and then run the `npm run deploy` command.

## Steps to publish

Because nothing is ever as straightforward as you want. I'm using react with nextjs and the build folder is under the .next folder. I have added a command to the "predeploy" scrip to move the build folder out to the root path for the "deploy" script to publish. However, the move command does not have over-writing rights, so...

- delete any "build" folder that exists at the root
- run the "deploy" script and include a commit message: `npm run deploy -- -m "COMMIT MESSAGE"`\
- go to "https://adsaines.github.io/" & check that the changes are present

Commit message:

changed directory in build command to avoid using move commandnd

README.md, after:

# Good links to know

- [Tailwind Color Palette](https://tailwindcss.com/docs/colors)\
- [OKLCH Color Converter](https://oklch.com/)
- [If css imports are not recognized...](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/api-reference/config/typescript#ide-plugin)
- [Github Pages](https://docs.github.com/en/pages)
- [Google Material Fonts/Icons](https://fonts.google.com/icons)

# Purpose

I made this page primarily to show off my resume and provide people with some informative stories about my career.

## /resume

Here you will find a robust version of my resume.

## /thanks

A general acknowledgment of the resources that I used to create my website. Specifically, the ones I like most.

## /stories (story_time)

Several stories and experiences from my career in coding. Lots of fun things in there.

## /settings

### dev vs business mode

The default mode when you load this site is "business." That's because I include a link to this site on my resume and in my applications to companies. I want recruiters, HR, to-be managers, and to-be co-workers to read a polished and directed set of experiences on the story_time page. In that vein I passed all of my stories through an AI to polish them up.

However, I enjoyed writing and reading the unpolished versions of those experiences. If you are interested in reading those versions flip the mode to dev and re-visit the story_time page. According to my mother, a lady of great renoun in poetry and writing, I have a flippant style that does not take things seriously or paint the experiences in a necessarily positive light.

# Publishing

I am using [Github Pages](https://docs.github.com/en/pages) to host my site. To host a React project on pages follow thes steps in [this tutorial](https://github.com/gitname/react-gh-pages).

Primary things to do...

- run the "deploy" script and include a commit message: `npm run deploy -- -m "COMMIT MESSAGE"`\
- go to "https://adsaines.github.io/experience" & check that the changes are present

NOTE: the deploye script in the tutorial looks for the build folder at the rot level. I had to specify that it will appear in the ".next" folder within the "-d" (directory) command

## Steps to publish

Because nothing is ever as straightforward as you want. I'm using react with nextjs and the build folder is under the .next folder. I have added a command to the "predeploy" scrip to move the build folder out to the root path for the "deploy" script to publish. However, the move command does not have over-writing rights, so...

- delete any "build" folder that exists at the root
